SNV-callers: Add more background on the decisions made - docs and plots (#745)
AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis: analyses/snv-callers/README.md

The resulting MAF and TMB files from this analysis are saved to `snv-callers/results/consensus/` folder and used by downstream analyses.

> Consensus mutations saved to `pbta-snv-consensus-mutation.maf.tsv.gz` are decided from agreement [3 out of 3 of the snv callers used](#02-merge_callersr).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consensus mutations saved to `pbta-snv-consensus-mutation.maf.tsv.gz` are decided from agreement of [3 out of 3 of the snv callers used](#02-merge_callersr).
```

> Four callers were originally run but VarDict was dropped from any downstream results because it suspiciously called very low VAF mutations that only it and none of the other three callers identified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Four callers were originally run but VarDict was dropped from downstream analysis because it called a large number of very low VAF mutations that were unique to it, suggesting that most of these were likely to be false positive calls.
```

This left us with three callers (Mutect2, Strelka2, and Lancet) whose performances were compared in [Narzisi et al](https://www.nature.com/articles/s42003-018-0023-9.pdf).
The overlap of all three was used for the consensus calls since their [data](https://static-content.springer.com/esm/art%3A10.1038%2Fs42003-018-0023-9/MediaObjects/42003_2018_23_MOESM1_ESM.pdf) suggested that overlapping more callers would reduce the number of false positives (Supplementary Figure 13, panel d):

![Narzisi et. al, 2018](figure/Narzisi-et-al-2018-false-positive-venn.png)

> d) Venn diagrams of the number of false positive indels within STRs for Lancet, MuTect2, Strelka2, and LoFreq. Short tandem repeats are defined as sequences composed of at least 7bp (total length), where the repeat sequence is between 1bp and 4bp, and is repeated at least 3 times. Homopolymers are reported separately for each base pair (A,C,G,T), while other STRs whose motif is composed of more than one single base are	grouped together.

(Narzisi, G., et al. 2018, _Commun Biol_)

> Their use of medulloblastoma in their investigation further led us to believe this would be nicely generalizable to this use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Their use of medulloblastoma in their investigation further led us to believe this would be generalizable to this use case.
```

This diagram here shows Short Tandem Repeats (STRs) which according to Narzisi et al, were the regions with the worst false positive rates for each of the callers.
We expect that the reduction in false positive rates with the combinations of more callers might also hold true in non-STR regions.

> Tumor Mutation Burden calculations only used Mutect2 and Strelka2 agreement due to [Lancet's calling particularly low VAF mutations for WXS sample data](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/tree/master/analyses/snv-callers/lancet-wxs-tests) and [its tendency to have a coding region bias](https://alexslemonade.github.io/OpenPBTA-analysis/analyses/snv-callers/compare_snv_callers_plots.nb.html#mutation_region_barplot) which the other callers do not have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tumor Mutation Burden calculations only used Mutect2 and Strelka2 agreement due to [Lancet's calling particularly low VAF mutations for WXS sample data](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/OpenPBTA-analysis/tree/master/analyses/snv-callers/lancet-wxs-tests) and [its apparent coding region bias](https://alexslemonade.github.io/OpenPBTA-analysis/analyses/snv-callers/compare_snv_callers_plots.nb.html#mutation_region_barplot) compared to the other callers.
```

> See comparison of the performances of all four original callers used [here for PBTA data](https://alexslemonade.github.io/OpenPBTA-analysis/analyses/snv-callers/compare_snv_callers_plots.nb.html) and [here for TCGA data](https://alexslemonade.github.io/OpenPBTA-analysis/analyses/snv-callers/compare_snv_callers_plots-tcga.nb.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See comparison of the performances of all four original callers used [here for PBTA data](https://alexslemonade.github.io/OpenPBTA-analysis/analyses/snv-callers/compare_snv_callers_plots.nb.html) and [here for TCGA data](https://alexslemonade.github.io/OpenPBTA-analysis/analyses/snv-callers/compare_snv_callers_plots-tcga.nb.html).
```

The resulting MAF and TMB files from this analysis are saved to `snv-callers/results/consensus/` folder and used by downstream analyses.

Consensus mutations saved to `pbta-snv-consensus-mutation.maf.tsv.gz` are decided from agreement of [3 out of 3 of the snv callers used](#02-merge_callersr).
Four callers were originally run but VarDict was dropped from downstream analysis because it called a large number (~39 million) of very low VAF mutations that were unique to it, suggesting that most of these were likely to be false positive calls.
~187k mutations were called by all three of Mutect2, Strelka2, and Lancet.

> And between ~73k and ~1 million mutations were shared between combinations of any two these callers.

Author: Do these blurbs meet what you were thinking of, @jashapiro ?

Reviewer: Yes, but these numbers seem wrong to me... We have 1.3M mutations in the consensus. Were you excluding the mutations from all 4 callers?

Author: Oh I see what you mean, the current comparison numbers do exclude that.

> And between ~73k and ~1 million mutations were shared between combinations of any two these callers.

Reviewer: I think having the total addtional could be useful here: something like: 
```suggestion
Between ~73k and ~1 million mutations were shared between combinations of any two these callers, for a total of X million additional SNP calls if we had adopted a 2 out of 3 consensus.
```

Author: Okay. I'll get that number then.

Author: I got this number in a janky way that I don't think is accurate so I need to revaluate where and how I should get this number in a reproducible and nice way.
